---
title: "Regular Black holes"
collection: teaching
permalink: /teaching/P-1
---

we know theoretically that solutions in Einstein's General Relativity (GR) often include singularities. Spacetime singularities in Einstein's General Relativity are neither outcomes of highly symmetrical solutions nor coordinate artefacts; rather, they signify the constraints of classical GR and are inevitable. Solving this puzzle is crucial to understanding the final outcome of the gravitational collapse of initially stable structures. 

Overview
======
Regular black holes are recognised as possible options for non-singular solutions. These spacetimes can potentially breach the Strong Energy Condition (SEC) and may evade the singularity theorem. In Figure [], a typical static, spherically symmetric regular black hole is presented. It is clear that regular black holes replace the singularity point of the vacuum BHs in Einstein's GR with a 'regular core', and other characteristics (horizons) remain the same. In 1968, Bardeen first introduced a static spherically symmetric regular black hole spacetime. Since then, other suggestions for regular black holes have been proposed. The initial suggestion for the source of a Bardeen-type black hole involved the utilisation of a nonlinear electric or magnetic monopole. This entailed the incorporation of a nonlinear electromagnetic field Lagrangian $(\mathcal L(\mathbf F))$ coupled with gravity, which was discovered to be capable of producing the necessary matter to sustain such a spacetime.


Heading 2
======

Heading 3
======
